README.md, before:

# A-star
## Overview
This repository demonstrates the use of A-star (A*) algorithm using Diagonal shortcut distance heuristics on top of Dijkstra's algorithm in path planning problems.
## What does this do?
This program will read an image named 'a-star-image.jpg' which is in the current directory itself. The image contains a green region which is the start region, a red region which is the destination region, and black regions which are non-accessible regions(obstructed). This program will find an efficient path from the start region to the destination region through the white patches avoiding the black region(obstructed region).
## Requirements
This project depends on OpenCV.
## How to compile?
Run the following command using gcc compiler : 
```bash
$ g++ a-star.cpp -o a-star `pkg-config opencv --cflags --libs`
```
## Run
The compilation process will create a binary file with the name 'a-star' which can be easily run by `./a-star`
## Things to be careful about :
Make sure your image is named as 'a-star-image.jpg' and is saved in the current directory itself.

Commit message:

Update 'README.md' after adding an example image

README.md, after:

# A-star
## Overview
This repository demonstrates the use of A-star (A*) algorithm using Diagonal shortcut distance heuristics on top of Dijkstra's algorithm in path planning problems.
## What does this do?
This program will read an image named 'a-star-image.jpg' which is in the current directory itself. The image contains a green region which is the start region, a red region which is the destination region, and black regions which are non-accessible regions(obstructed). This program will find an efficient path from the start region to the destination region through the white patches avoiding the black region(obstructed region).
## Requirements
This project depends on OpenCV.
## How to compile?
Run the following command using gcc compiler : 
```bash
$ g++ a-star.cpp -o a-star `pkg-config opencv --cflags --libs`
```
## Run
The compilation process will create a binary file with the name 'a-star' which can be easily run by `./a-star`
## Example
This repository contains an image 'a-star-image.jpg' on which you can test this program.
## Things to be careful about :
This program is not restricted to the provided image only. You can use this program to find the path in whatever situation possible given that the image matches the description given above (consists of green,red,black and white patches only).
And also make sure that your image is named as 'a-star-image.jpg' and is saved in the current directory itself.
